[DO] Updating limits to be accurate (#21786)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/platform/limits.mdx

| WebSocket message size                   | 1 MiB (only for received messages)                          |
| CPU per request                          | 30 seconds (default) / configurable to 5 minutes of [active CPU time](/workers/platform/limits/#cpu-time) [^4] |

[^1]: Identical to the Workers [script limit](/workers/platform/limits/).
[^2]: Durable Objects both bills and measures storage based on a gigabyte <br/> (1 GB = 1,000,000,000 bytes) and not a gibibyte (GiB). <br/>

> [^3]: Accounts on the Workers Free plan are limited to 5GB total Durable Objects storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^3]: Accounts on the Workers Free plan are limited to 5 GB total Durable Objects storage.
```
